ReadMe update (#10)
tomasesquivelgc/Portfolio_Mobile_First: README.md

- Use of flexbox to replicate a template
- An adaptive layout that responds to screen width

### Features implemented

- Functioning mobile version with a responsive layout
- Desktop version (min 768px) working complete with animations

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> To see my Portfolio in action, simply head to
> 
> > tomasesquivelgc.github.io/index

Reviewer: [Optional] I would like to suggest you insert a link text here instead of the full URL.👍
```suggestion
To see my Portfolio in action, simply check [here](tomasesquivelgc.github.io/index)
```
